README.md, before:

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/rubberducky.png)](https://nodei.co/npm/rubberducky/)

# rubberducky
rubber duck debugging command line utility
```
           _.._
          / a a\__,
          \  -.___/
           \  \
(\__,-----,_)  \
(    (_         )
 \_   (__       /
   \___________/
```
### usage
```
$ npm install -g rubberducky
$ ducky
```

### interactive mode
`rubberducky` includes an interactive mode for situations where one might not want to speak out loud to the duck. in interactive mode, the duck will ask the following questions:
 * can you explain to me what you want your code to do?
 * and can you go over what your code is actually doing, line by line?

use the `--interactive` flag to begin in interactive mode, or input `interactive` at any time to start it. To exit interactive mode, input `noninteractive`.

### info
*rubber duck debugging* asserts that *solutions to problems oftentimes present themselves when one is forced to verbalize the problem and the steps taken to attempt to solve said problem*. the duck is merely a friendly face for you to talk to, to have to explain to.

in the end, this is not so different from talking out loud to yourself, and in fact, you'd actually be talking to a real person then. so you can try that instead, if you want – just don't be surprised if your co-workers become alarmed or concerned.

speaking to a duck eliminates this unnecessary stress on your peers and will help you articulate more clearly and *without assumed knowledge on the part of the listener* (the aforementioned duck). you're of course free to live your life as you choose, but trust me, *you probably wanna talk to the duck*.

### more info
[rubberduckdebugging.com](http://www.rubberduckdebugging.com/)
[Wikipedia's Article on Rubber Duck Debugging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging)
[This post from Coding Horror](http://blog.codinghorror.com/rubber-duck-problem-solving/)

Commit message:

Breaking: change from ducky -> rubberducky, update docs

README.md, after:

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/rubberducky.png)](https://nodei.co/npm/rubberducky/)

# rubberducky

A command line utility for rubber duck debugging

```
           _.._
          / a a\__,
          \  -.___/
           \  \
(\__,-----,_)  \
(    (_         )
 \_   (__       /
   \___________/
```

`rubberducky` is a command line tool that allows you to have a rubber duck quickly available to you any time you you're feeling stuck solving a problem.

### Usage

```
$ npm install -g rubberducky
$ rubberducky
```

### Commands

`rubberducky` has a few commands that it will respond to:

* `exit` - exit the program
* `restart` - start over with a clean slate
* `interactive` - start interactive mode (this can also be enabled on the command line with the `--interactive` flag)
* `noninteractive` - end interactive mode
* `info` - show information about `rubberducky`, including possible commands and links to more information

### Interactive mode

`rubberducky` includes an interactive mode for times when you'd rather not speak out loud to your computer. In interactive mode, the duck will ask you the following questions:
 * Do you mind explaining the problem you're trying to solve?
 * And can you explain how you're trying to solve that problem?

### More information

[rubberduckdebugging.com](https://www.rubberduckdebugging.com/)
[Wikipedia's Article on Rubber Duck Debugging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging)
[This post from Coding Horror](https://blog.codinghorror.com/rubber-duck-problem-solving/)
